update README.md (#3704)
cyrusimap/cyrus-imapd: README.md

Welcome
=======

This is the Cyrus IMAP Server, developer version 3.5.  This version is under
active development, and is not considered "stable".

The current stable series is 3.4.

Versions 3.0 and 3.2 still receive security updates, and some non-security
bug fixes.

What is Cyrus
=============

Cyrus is an IMAP server, where IMAP (Internet Message Access Protocol)
is a protocol for accessing mail.

The Cyrus IMAP server differs from other IMAP server implementations in
that it is generally intended to be run on "sealed" servers, where
normal users are not permitted to log in. The mailbox database is stored
in parts of the filesystem that are private to the Cyrus IMAP system.

> All user access to mail is through the IMAP, NNTP, or POP3 protocols.

Reviewer: and JMAP!  It's an RFC protocol.

Cyrus also has an HTTP server and CalDAV/CardDAV implementations.

> All user access to mail is through the IMAP, NNTP, or POP3 protocols.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
All user access to content is through JMAP, IMAP, NNTP, POP3, CalDAV, CardDAV,
and WebDAV protocols.
```

As per Bron's suggestion.
